[STUDENTS chatting]
[KOGUMA grunts]
[sighs]
Ah?
[KOGUMA]
Mm.
--[clunk]
--[KOGUMA] Mm?
[KOGUMA]
That's it.
Huh?
[KOGUMA]
This thing?
Hmm!
[KOGUMA]
Mm... Mm...
[KOGUMA grunting]
[sighs]
[school bell chimes]
Oh no!
[KOGUMA]
Hmm.
Guys. I rode my motorbike here!
[STUDENTS gasping]
No way! For real?
[GIRL 2A] H-Hey, when'd
you get your license?
[BOY 2B]
What kind is it?
[GIRL 2A]
I wanna see it!
Ooh! What do you ride?
--Easy.
--[BOY 2B] That's awesome!
[school bell chimes]
[KOGUMA chuckles]
[STUDENTS murmuring]
[GIRL 2B]
Pasta again?
I really like pasta!
Reiko! Come eat with me!
[REIKO] I would, but I have
something to take care of.
That's cool. Next time, okay?
[TEACHER 2A]
Now, everyone.
What you're all going
to be making today...
...is one of these--
a simple drawstring tote.
A tote bag?
For materials... I've got
an assortment of fabrics
in this box, so just grab
whatever catches your eye.
You'll find the pattern
in your textbook.
Wow. You're good! Teach me?
[GIRL 2E]
For real, teach me, too!
Which fabric did you pick?
[SHII]
Check this out.
[GIRL 2F]
I like the color!
You went straight for the
biggest piece in the box, huh?
Guess money's tight at home.
Her whole life could
fit inside that bag!
It needs to fit my motorcycle
helmet and gloves.
That's all.
Wait, you've got a license?
Nice! What kinda bike is it?
A Super Cub. Used.
Huh? Man, that's all?
Isn't a Cub more of
a scooter than a motorcycle?
[GIRL 2G]
Wait, a Cub?
The baby motorcycles
delivery guys drive?
Did you say you ride
a Super Cub?
Yes. A used one.
Cool, cool. I'd like to see it.
[KOGUMA]
Uh?
That's fine.
Is after class okay?
Sure.
Talk to you in a bit, then.
[KOGUMA]
Hmm...
[school bell chimes]
And I still have no idea
what we're doing in math.
[GIRL 2H]
Yeah, it seems super hard.
Is it hard, though?
Or does our teacher suck?
[GIRL 2H] Fair point.
Just gotta deal, right?
[KOGUMA sighs]
[grunts]
Oh, hey there.
You forget something?
[KOGUMA]
Right. Thanks.
Okay. Ready?
[GIRL 2J]
Mm-hmm! Yeah, totally.
[KOGUMA]
Here.
[gasps] That's one of
the nicest carburetor models!
And it's barely over 500 KM?
Oh, wow! And you could
eat off these tires!
Jealous! Old Cubs
are just so cool!
Ah?
[REIKO] Heh! Hey, perfect choice
on the Arai Classic!
It really has that Cub vibe.
I decided to go
with a Shoei Hornet.
Very nice. So what
about your gloves?
[KOGUMA]
Ah?
[groans]
They're, uh...
Ooh, Grip Swanys are great!
I wear plain old work gloves.
You do?
[REIKO]
Yep, just regular gloves.
And I also ride my Cub
to school every day.
Ah?
Wanna see?
Ah. Um...
Sure.
[REIKO]
Mm!
Okay! I'm gonna bring it
around, so don't go anywhere!
[KOGUMA]
Uh...
Ah.
Is that...?
[REIKO]
A Honda MD Ninety Postal Cub.
Like the mailmen use.
Right! And it's got
the old-style engine, too,
from before the new
noise and emission laws.
This was before they had
electronics worth messing with.
All steel.
I've done some work
on it since I got it.
So it's way faster
than you would think.
The engine parts, the brakes,
and the suspension are Takegawa.
[REIKO] The muffler's a custom
titanium job that I think
probably paid off the guy's shop
over in Tondabayashi.
[KOGUMA]
Mm?
--[engine revvs loudly]
--[KOGUMA gasps]
[REIKO]
Whoo! It's getting hot.
Sorry for pretty much
geeking out non-stop.
I was just really excited
to meet another Cub rider.
[KOGUMA]
Mm.
[REIKO]
Later!
[KOGUMA]
Hmm?
[KOGUMA] We're classmates,
but all I knew about her before
was her name and her face.
[KOGUMA] I wonder if she's going
to talk to me again tomorrow.
[KOGUMA] If she does, I know
we have at least one thing
we can talk about.
[sighs]
[KOGUMA]
We both ride our Cubs to school.
And this girl's name is...
[RADIO DJ 2A]
The time is 7:25 AM.
And now, for a quick
weather update.
Temperature readings are
19.7 degrees in Kofu,
17.5 at Lake Kawaguchi,
and 18.4 in Tokyo at the moment.
Thanks to a high-pressure system
over the Japanese archipelago,
we can expect plenty of sunshine
in the Kanto-Koshinetsu
region today.
[engine puttering]
Good.
Ah?
[sighs]
[BOY 2D]
Morning.
[KOGUMA]
Mm.
[STUDENTS chatting]
[KOGUMA sighs]
[KOGUMA]
Uh... Morning.
[REIKO]
Hmm? Mm.
[sighs]
[GIRL 2C] Hey, Reiko,
you wanna eat with me today?
Oh, thank you,
but I already made lunch plans
for today with my friend.
[GIRL 2C]
Aw, they beat me to it?
[GIRL 2G]
Maybe some other time.
[KOGUMA]
Ah?
Come on. Let's go.
[KOGUMA]
Uh? Ah!
Whoa. Hang on!
[REIKO]
So, you ready to have lunch?
Like I said, I made plans.
[giggles]
[chuckles]
[REIKO]
Thank you for the food!
[REIKO] I love sitting
on my Cub like this.
Even standing perfectly still,
it feels like I can go
wherever I want,
no matter how far away it is.
Well, I haven't gotten
to go very far at all yet.
But you could if you wanted to.
'Cause you've got a Cub!
[school bell chimes]
[BOY 2B]
Hurry, let's go!
[BOY 2A]
Hey, wait a sec!
Great. I'll be cheering!
See you there!
[REIKO] I love sitting
on my Cub like this.
Even standing perfectly still,
it feels like I can go
wherever I want,
no matter how far away it is.
[KOGUMA] Well, I haven't gotten
to go very far at all yet.
[REIKO]
But you could if you wanted to.
'Cause you've got a Cub!
I can go wherever I want.
Oh, right.
Ah?
[KOGUMA]
That's cheap.
[CLERK 2A]
Thank you very much.
Welcome, Miss.
[CLERK 2A]
Have a good day!
[KOGUMA]
I never stop for groceries
on the way home from school.
In fact, up till now, I've never
really stopped anywhere.
[KOGUMA] But today, I turned
where I'd normally go straight,
and what I saw was brand new.
[KOGUMA]
Unknown places...
Streets I'd never seen...
And even now...
...there's more to discover.
[KOGUMA]
Oh, right.
My chain lock.
[KOGUMA]
Hmm. Tomorrow will be fine.
Now that I have my Super Cub,
I can always look
forward to tomorrow.
Even the after-school errands.
[KOGUMA]
Mm.
[KOGUMA] Episode 3:
"Things Received."